Sanitize incoming events for global properties (#861)
betterlytics/betterlytics: docs/src/content/integration/global-properties.mdx

});
```

> The following values are silently dropped on the server:

Reviewer: "on the server" is not relevant for the user to know. They just need to know it's excluded or dropped somewhere, not where 😄

```suggestion
Global properties with the following values are ignored and not included in events:
```
